-- StjernCraft Control Panel --

- SETUP -
1. Open Command Line
2. Run gradlew/gradlew.bat to download gradle and dependencies
3. Run "gradlew build" to build the whole project
4. Run "gradlew eclipse" to create the Eclipse project
5. Run "BuildAndRunServer" to build the project into "target" and run the server.

- Eclipse -
To open the project in eclipse:
1. Open Eclipse and click File -> "Open Projects From File System..."
2. Select the root Project directory as "Import Source"
3. Select all the projects you want, which will open them in the Package Explore.
4. Install the GWT plugin to work with the GWT projects.
5. Set the GWT plugin to use GWT 2.8 instead of 2.7, or else you will get errors on JsInterop.

- GWT Development/Debugging -
You can easily work on and debug a single GWT project. This assumes you have built the project at least once, so the target/modules/yourmodule exists.
1. With the GWT Plugin installed in Eclipse, you can Right click a project and select "Run As -> GWT Development Mode with Jetty".
2. When asked for a target WAR folder you point it to the Servers "modules/yourmodule" folder(I.e Stjerncraft-ControlerPanel/target/modules/webview). 
However, this will by default create a new module folder inside there, which is not what we want. So open up Run Configurations and go to the newly created one for GWT Development Mode.
Go to "Arguments" and add " -modulePathPrefix ../ " before -remoteUI(Without quotes).
The reason we don't point it directly at the modules folder is that it will then clear that folder every time you start development mode.
3. Start the Stjerncraft ControlPanel Server and open the webpage. This will now use the GWT Development mode for that Module(And any other you have setup).
Any changes made in Eclipse can be instantly shown by just reloading the webpage.

- Cleanup -
It is recommended to a full clean & build sometimes. This can be done by running "gradlew clean" and "clear_gwt_temp.bat".
If there has been a change to the API, Eclipse usually needs to be reloaded, and "Project -> Clean.." run to rebuild all generated files.